README.md, before:

# YouTube Algorithm Manager

## 📋 Overview
This project is a web application designed to train and manage YouTube's recommendation algorithm using a browser extension. It allows users to create custom presets, save profiles, and interact with YouTube in real-time to influence their recommendations.

## 🏗️ Architecture
The application is built using a modern React-based architecture with the following key components:

- **Frontend**: React with TypeScript, using Vite as the build tool.
- **State Management**: Local state management with React hooks and localStorage for persistence.
- **Browser Extension**: A Chrome extension that interacts with YouTube to perform real-time training.
- **Communication**: Cross-domain communication between the web app and the extension using localStorage, BroadcastChannel, and Chrome Messages.

## 🛠️ Techstack
- **Frontend**:
  - React
  - TypeScript
  - Vite
  - Framer Motion (for animations)
  - Lucide React (for icons)
- **Browser Extension**:
  - Chrome Extension API
  - Content Scripts
  - Background Scripts
- **Storage**:
  - localStorage (for profile and preset data)
  - sessionStorage (for temporary data)
- **Communication**:
  - BroadcastChannel
  - Chrome Messages
  - localStorage

## 📁 Project Structure
- **`src/`**: Contains the main application code.
  - **`components/`**: React components for the UI.
  - **`hooks/`**: Custom React hooks for state management.
  - **`types/`**: TypeScript type definitions.
  - **`data/`**: Static data like preset templates.
- **`extension/`**: Contains the browser extension code.
  - **`content/`**: Content scripts that run on YouTube.
  - **`background/`**: Background scripts for the extension.
  - **`popup/`**: UI for the extension popup.

## 🔄 Key Features
- **Preset Management**: Create, edit, and manage custom presets for YouTube algorithm training.
- **Profile Management**: Save and load profiles to quickly switch between different training configurations.
- **Real-time Training**: Use the browser extension to interact with YouTube and train the algorithm in real-time.
- **Cross-domain Communication**: Seamless communication between the web app and the extension.

## 🚀 Getting Started
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd YouTube-Algorithm-Manager
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Start the development server**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. **Load the extension**:
   - Go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `extension` folder.

## 📝 Documentation
- **Architecture**: The application uses a React-based frontend with a Chrome extension for real-time interaction with YouTube.
- **Techstack**: React, TypeScript, Vite, Framer Motion, Lucide React, Chrome Extension API.
- **Key Components**:
  - **`ExtensionBridge`**: Manages communication between the web app and the extension.
  - **`ProfileManager`**: Handles saving, loading, and managing profiles.
  - **`PresetCard`**: Displays and manages custom presets.
  - **`BrowserController`**: Controls browser settings for the extension.

## 🔧 Development
- **Frontend**: The frontend is built with React and TypeScript, using Vite for fast development and building.
- **Extension**: The extension is built using the Chrome Extension API, with content scripts for YouTube interaction and background scripts for persistent tasks.

## 📊 Future Enhancements
- Add more advanced analytics for algorithm training.
- Improve cross-browser compatibility.
- Enhance the UI/UX for better user experience.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Enhance profile management and user experience in the application
This update introduces a "Freeze Profile" feature in the Header component, allowing users to prevent updates to their active profile. The App component has been modified to handle profile updates received from the background script, ensuring that the UI reflects the latest profile data. Additionally, the ProfileManager component has been enhanced to capture and store all cookies and storage data when saving profiles, improving data management. The BrowserProfile interface has been updated to include a freezeProfile property, further refining the profile management functionality.

README.md, after:

# YouTube Algorithm Manager

## ⚠️ Disclaimer ⚠️

This browser extension automates interactions with YouTube for research and content analysis. However, using automated scripts to interact with websites like YouTube may violate their terms of service.

**RISK OF ACCOUNT BAN:** The use of this extension could be detected by YouTube as bot activity, which may result in a temporary or permanent ban of your YouTube account.

**USE AT YOUR OWN RISK:** You are solely responsible for any consequences that may arise from using this extension, including the loss of your YouTube account. The author of this extension is not liable for any damages or losses.

---

## 📋 Overview
This project is a web application designed to train and manage YouTube's recommendation algorithm using a browser extension. It allows users to create custom presets, save profiles, and interact with YouTube in real-time to influence their recommendations.

## 🏗️ Architecture
The application is built using a modern React-based architecture with the following key components:

- **Frontend**: React with TypeScript, using Vite as the build tool.
- **State Management**: Local state management with React hooks and localStorage for persistence.
- **Browser Extension**: A Chrome extension that interacts with YouTube to perform real-time training.
- **Communication**: Cross-domain communication between the web app and the extension using localStorage, BroadcastChannel, and Chrome Messages.

## 🛠️ Techstack
- **Frontend**:
  - React
  - TypeScript
  - Vite
  - Framer Motion (for animations)
  - Lucide React (for icons)
- **Browser Extension**:
  - Chrome Extension API
  - Content Scripts
  - Background Scripts
- **Storage**:
  - localStorage (for profile and preset data)
  - sessionStorage (for temporary data)
- **Communication**:
  - BroadcastChannel
  - Chrome Messages
  - localStorage

## 📁 Project Structure
- **`src/`**: Contains the main application code.
  - **`components/`**: React components for the UI.
  - **`hooks/`**: Custom React hooks for state management.
  - **`types/`**: TypeScript type definitions.
  - **`data/`**: Static data like preset templates.
- **`extension/`**: Contains the browser extension code.
  - **`content/`**: Content scripts that run on YouTube.
  - **`background/`**: Background scripts for the extension.
  - **`popup/`**: UI for the extension popup.

## 🔄 Key Features
- **Preset Management**: Create, edit, and manage custom presets for YouTube algorithm training.
- **Profile Management**: Save and load profiles to quickly switch between different training configurations.
- **Real-time Training**: Use the browser extension to interact with YouTube and train the algorithm in real-time.
- **Cross-domain Communication**: Seamless communication between the web app and the extension.

## 🚀 Getting Started
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd YouTube-Algorithm-Manager
   ```
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Start the development server**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. **Load the extension**:
   - Go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `extension` folder.

## 📝 Documentation
- **Architecture**: The application uses a React-based frontend with a Chrome extension for real-time interaction with YouTube.
- **Techstack**: React, TypeScript, Vite, Framer Motion, Lucide React, Chrome Extension API.
- **Key Components**:
  - **`ExtensionBridge`**: Manages communication between the web app and the extension.
  - **`ProfileManager`**: Handles saving, loading, and managing profiles.
  - **`PresetCard`**: Displays and manages custom presets.
  - **`BrowserController`**: Controls browser settings for the extension.

## 🔧 Development
- **Frontend**: The frontend is built with React and TypeScript, using Vite for fast development and building.
- **Extension**: The extension is built using the Chrome Extension API, with content scripts for YouTube interaction and background scripts for persistent tasks.

## 📊 Future Enhancements
- Add more advanced analytics for algorithm training.
- Improve cross-browser compatibility.
- Enhance the UI/UX for better user experience.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
